docs: update from huggingface-internal/moon-landing#17748 (#2388)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/webhooks-guide-discussion-bot.md

# Webhook guide: build a Discussion bot with LLM replies

> Here's a short guide on how to use Hugging Face Webhooks to build a bot that replies to Discussion comments on the Hub with a response generated by an LLM of your choice via the Chat Completions API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a short guide on how to use Hugging Face Webhooks to build a bot that replies to Discussion comments on the Hub with a response generated by an LLM of your choice via [Hugging Face Inference Providers](https://huggingface.co/docs/inference-providers/en/index).
```

In that case, we will continue to the next step:

```ts
	const CHAT_API_URL =
		"https://router.huggingface.co/v1/chat/completions";
	const SYSTEM_PROMPT = `You are a helpful bot that replies to discussions about machine learning. Keep your responses concise and friendly.`;

	const response = await fetch(CHAT_API_URL, {
		method: "POST",
		headers: {
			"Authorization": `Bearer ${process.env.HF_TOKEN}`,
			"Content-Type": "application/json",
		},
		body: JSON.stringify({

> 			model: "meta-llama/Llama-3.1-8B-Instruct",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			model: "moonshotai/Kimi-K2.6",
```

			messages: [
				{ role: "system", content: SYSTEM_PROMPT },
				{ role: "user", content: req.body.comment.content },
			],
			max_tokens: 500,
		}),
	});
	if (response.ok) {
		const output = await response.json();
		const continuationText = output.choices[0].message.content;
		...
```

> This is the coolest part: using the [Chat Completions API](https://huggingface.co/docs/inference-providers/chat-completions), we call a free model (`meta-llama/Llama-3.1-8B-Instruct`) with a system prompt and the user's comment. The model generates a reply, which we extract from `choices[0].message.content`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the coolest part: using [Hugging Face Inference Providers](https://huggingface.co/docs/inference-providers/chat-completions), we call an open-weight model (`moonshotai/Kimi-K2.6`) with a system prompt and the user's comment. The model generates a reply, which we extract from `choices[0].message.content`.
```

```ts

> 	const INFERENCE_URL =

Reviewer 2: The whole guide could use some rehaul
